Feature/sharing smart contract (#81)
iExecBlockchainComputing/documentation-tools: tools/dataProtector/advanced/dps-smart-contract.md

## Code

You can find the Solidity code here:
<https://github.com/iExecBlockchainComputing/dataprotector-sdk/tree/v2/packages/sharing-smart-contract>

## DataProtectorSharing

> Contract module which provides a mechanism for managing and sharing protected
> data through collections, subscriptions, rentals, and sales. This contract

Reviewer: Make a sentence?

```suggestion
This is a contract module that provides a mechanism for managing and sharing protected
data through collections, subscriptions, rentals, and sales. This contract
```

Can we remove the term "module" or does it help to understand?

```suggestion
This is a contract that provides a mechanism for managing and sharing protected
data through collections, subscriptions, rentals, and sales. This contract
```
